# The key goals

While I was examining the code, I saw that it's abit unstructured. Also the fact, that Chrome extensions are built on JavaScript too makes a sense in splitting functionality apart.

##So the goals are :
* Split out the browser funcions. A separate object of type BrowserProto will be used to do the things :
  * Place the button
  * Get/Set properties
  * SSL/Crypto toolkit for certificates
* Split out the UI-related stuff to uiProto object
  * Stubs for Firefox Desktop : we're forced to use XUL and can not create UI elements from JS. Sad, but true. So we will just bail-out there, because the UI stuff will be in XUL's
  * For Firefox for Android a good dig-up into this doc gave me a feeling of dynamic UI https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/Firefox_for_Android
  * Google Chrome can use similar approach as FF Mobile, as far as I can see the API
* Makefile targets must be migrated to ``make ff``/``make ffdroid``/``make googlechrome`` - something like that to reflect the targets
* Tests. We do need them, but for now I have no time for them. Sadly
* Localization. Should it be generated by script out of Gettext portable object into something? a good TODO/TOTHINKABOUT :)         


A BrowserInterface prototype object was placed in browser.js. It describes the basic abstraction interface for a host container, and the global instance is HostControllerInterface. Firefox interface, and lately any other browsers, is placed in browsers/ folder and should be includet on top of the script stack after browser.js ``
var xxxInterface = function() {
    BrowserInterface.call(this);
    // do the constructor stuff
};
// instantiate properly
xxxInterface.prototype=Object.create(BrowserInterface.prototype);
xxxInterface.prototype.constructor=xxxInterface;
``

